# SubredditBot
Have you ever found yourself needing a third party to intervene in a reddit argument? Do you need answers to seemingly unanswerable questions? Maybe you're just bored and wouldn't mind a neural network buddy to chat with. In that case, SubredditBot is for you!

## Abstract

This project is a reddit bot that generates coherent, humorous responses to a user prompt when invoked. For text generation, it employs the state of the art GPT-2 language model developed by OpenAI with tensorflow, fine-tuned with reddit comment data from any set of subreddits desired. Using Python, I cleaned the comment data for modeling, and am currently adjusting model hyperparameters and code for optimum generation. Additionally, I will develop a bot that responds to any comment starting with "WatchBot, " in the /r/Watches subreddit, using the text after the comma as a prompt the bot uses to generate a random amount of text (1-3 paragraphs) in response. The model is already generating incredible results even at this early stage, and I'm extremely excited for what is yet to come! 

## Motivation

I remember first reading some samples generated by OpenAI's scary new model and was dumbfounded. How can nothing but statistical correlations between words generate such robust and coherent text? IN PROGRESS

## Methodology - the data

The reddit comment data was collected from [Google BigQuery's public database](https://bigquery.cloud.google.com/dataset/fh-bigquery:reddit_comments), containing comments from as far back as 2005. An SQL query was enough to gather the text needed:
```sql
#legacySQL
SELECT 
  body
FROM 
  TABLE_QUERY([fh-bigquery:reddit_comments], "REGEXP_MATCH(table_id, '^201._..$')"),
  TABLE_QUERY([fh-bigquery:reddit_comments], "REGEXP_MATCH(table_id, '^20..$')")
WHERE
  subreddit IN ("Watches", "WatchHorology", "WatchesCirclejerk", "Seiko", "rolex", "Tudor", 
  "OmegaWatches", "casio", "pocketwatch", "clocks", "gshock", "smartwatch")
```
I'm a huge watch geek, so I chose watch related subreddits, but this query can be successfuly run with any group of subreddits and the results would be near identical.

The result of the query was a massive, near 500MB csv of raw markdown text.


## This README and project are still under construction. A lot more coming soon.
